# Doing simple development tasks with just an iPad

I usually do all my personal development projects on a MacBook which I usually carry with me. But I recently asked myself if I could do all those secondary development tasks besides actual coding, like updating a website for a project from an iPad or even from an iPhone for maximum mobility and quick responses, should an issue come up.

The answer is: Yes (well, kind of).

Obviously, there is no Xcode / Eclipse for iPad. But I found that by making use of continuous integration and delivery all you need for delivering quick fixes from your iPad or even your iPhone is a Git client and a text editor basically.

I use the following setup for making updates to a project website and to this blog:

	* 	All my code is hosted on GitHub or GitLab
	* 	This blog runs on GitHub pages which makes deployment trivial
	* 	My side projects’ websites run on Vercel link (formerly known as Zeit)
	* 	I use Working Copy on iPad to checkout the repositories. I allows me to use my usual Git workflow on iPad! Love it!
	* 	For quick touch ups, I use the integrated editor of Working Copy
	* 	A simple push is enough to deploy

That’s it! The integration of Vercel and GitLab is especially nice: Pushing a feature branch gives me a preview deployment which I also can directly check while on the go. I just merge to master then and push to deploy to production.

For blogging, I like to use Bear as an editor for my markdown files. Fits the workflow nicely.

Similarly, hot fixes for more complex projects are possible on the go as long as CI/CD is available.